.TH OPENSMSKUMMEEQUERY 8 "May 12, 2008" "libopensmskummeeplugin" "OpenSM SKUMMEE plugin"

.SH NAME
opensmskummeequery \- query the MySQL DB for data stored by
"libopensmskummeeplugin".  libopensmskummeeplugin is an OpenSM Performance
Manager plugin which stores data collected by OpenSM into this DB.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B opensmskummeequery [-hCsRe] [-c <node>] [-r <node>]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP

opensmskummeequery prints port counter data stored by OpenSM via the plugin
"libopensmskummeeplugin".

By default it outputs a format designed to be read by SKUMMEE.  However, other
output formats are more human readable.  Furthermore, opensmskummeequery can be
used to clear the counters in the DB.

.SH OPTIONS

.PP
.TP
\fB\-C\fR
Clear all of the error counters from the DB
.TP
\fB\-c <node>\fR
Clear the error counters of the node specified.  <node> can be a name or GUID.
.TP
\fB\-r <node>\fR
Report counters for node specified.  <node> can be a name or a GUID.
.TP
\fB\-R\fR
Report counters for all nodes in the dB
.TP
\fB-S\fR
SKUMMEE output: change -R and -r output to be SKUMMEE compatible
.TP
\fB\-e\fR
Report port counters for nodes which have errors.
.TP
\fB\-E <var1,var2,...>\fR
Report port counters for nodes which have errors, ignoring the vars (errors) specified.
.TP
\fB\-p <port>\fR
Limit the error reporting to the port specified.
.TP
\fB\-s\fR
print the SQL Queries as the are submitted to the DB
.TP
\fB\-f\fR
Sum all "none node" errors in to an IB_Fabric,error_sum,<#> entry.  This option
is used by SKUMMEE.  It's output is not intended to be human readable.

.SH FILES
.TP
<path>/ib-node-name-map
opensmskummeequery uses the ib-node-name-map default from libosmcomp from
the opensm-libs package.  This file is used to map


.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Ira Weiny
.RI < weiny2@llnl.gov >
